Make an obscene call to a friend of the same sex.
Climb up on the table, make a seductive face and say "Come on baby, light my fire!".
Give some one a lap dance and make it good.
If your special someone is around, slap him/her and make it hard.
Kiss some one of the same sex.
Sing "Across The Nations" by Union Underground, in a romantic manner.
Say the alphabet back wards.
Mime your most embarrassing nightly activity.
Pretend a striptease performance and try to earn some tips (you need not actually strip).
Sing "We are the Champions" with as much passion as you can.
Write a letter to "Penthouse" and read it out (you need not send it).
Imitate someone (present in the room) for the next one hour.
Describe your worst date, in mimes only!
Flash the room (for, like, 5 seconds).
Imitate your favorite celebrity, of the opposite sex,

Go to the kitchen and select a condiment for the person to eat, preferably nothing that needs to be cooked.
Have the victim stand outside in the yard singing a children's song at the top of their lungs.
Make the victim smear peanut butter under one armpit and jelly under the other. Then, two pieces of bread wipe the PB&J from their armpits and they must eat the sandwich.
Have the victim get a wedgie.
Sit the next round on the lap of someone of a different sex.
Trade pants with the person on your right.
Imitate another player and have everyone try to guess who you are.
Put an ice cube down your pants until it melts.
Go into the bathroom and make a toilet paper shirt. You have to wear it for the next two rounds.
Remove any four articles of clothing and leave them off for three rounds. Shoes and glasses don’t count.
Create a mystery drink for the victim to drink. The victim must take at least two swallows.
Make the victim walk down the block in nothing but whitey tidies and black socks.

1.Kiss a given person for a given amount of time (ex. kiss for 2 minutes w/ tongue)
2.Find something edible in the kitchen for the person to eat that isn't meant to be eaten straight (ketchup, salt, flour, ...)
3.Have your victim run around outside screaming something totally inane. An example being have I guy go chanting "I am woman, hear me roar!"
4.Dare a guy to put on full woman's makeup or let the girls do it.
5.Go out on your porch and sing the "I'm a Little Teapot" song.
6.Get a guy to go out into a public area scratching their crotch and saying, "Damn these crabs really itch!"
7.Dare a male player to let all the girl players remove his shoes and socks so they can paint his toes with nail polish. He must remain barefoot until the game is over and hope he hasn't lost his shoes and socks while playing.
8.Have a person smear jelly in one armpit and peanut butter in the other armpit. Then they must take two slices of bread and wipe it off. Then they have to eat the sandwich!
9.Eat a piece of food (such as a grape or whip cream) off someone of the opposite gender's tongue.
Push a penny around the toilet seat with your tongue.
10.Have a guy make-out with a pillow or teddy bear for a certain amount of time, have him say the girls name he likes and make kissing noises.
11.Have a guy put on a bra stuffed with socks and walk around in it pretending he is a female, his idea of a female!
12.The person being dared must pick a guy and that guy must do that girls makeup with a blindfold on.
Have a guy kiss every girl, and then tell who has the worst and/or best breath.
13.Have the “daree” drink a can or two of their preferred soda pop. Have the game continue, but remind the person to tell everybody when they have to pee. 14.Make that person hold in their piss until they're begging you to let them go to the bathroom 
Do you think you would prefer a calm, loving, consistent marriage or one that was full of excitement, wild times and rocky patches? 
What makes you feel secure and safe? 
Which do you think should have the final say in decisions - logic or emotions? Why? 
About what things are you most selfish?

Pick up the person to the right of you.

Do 20 pushups.

Make something unusual for the person to drink.

Kiss one person.

Go outside and march down the road singing a song loudly.

Do an impression of someone in the group.

Act like a gorilla for 1 minute.

Clean the toilet with a toothbrush.

Go to the neighbor's house and talk to him or her for 5 minutes.

Lick the floor.

Write a letter to someone you hate and send it.

Continuously talk for 3 minutes without stopping.

Freeze some underwear and make the person wear it for 30 minutes.

Kiss the dog on the mouth.

Make out with a poster.

The person next to you has to give you a wedgie.

Do the chicken dance.

Lick the ear of the person sitting next to you.

Wear your underwear on your head.

Wear your underwear on the outside of your clothes.

Moon everyone.

Trade your clothes with the person sitting next to you.

Give someone a piggyback ride.

Speak in Pig Latin for the rest of the game.

Put an ice cube in your underwear and let it melt.

Lick someone's whole face.

Take off your shirt.

Have someone chew some gum and then chew it yourself.

Kiss the first person that comes in through the door.

Go to the kitchen and eat something that is not meant to be eaten alone (like chili powder, pepper, etc).

Go outside and run around, while screaming "my husband/wife has run away, please help".

Ask for permission the next time you need to use the washroom.

Ask out the first person (be it a male or a female) that comes into the room.

Do the hokey pokey in the middle of a circle of players and sing the song that goes with it.

Go outside and sing "I'm a Little Teapot", complete with all the actions.

Act like the sound person who is being dubbed for a noisy kissing scene.

Act out a particular commercial ad.

Mix different types of sauces and eat the result.

Go out, stop the first person you see and say "I love/hate you".

For the rest of the game, blurt out an exclamation randomly.

Exchange a clothing item with the player on your right.

Give a piggyback ride to the player on your left.

Moonwalk across the room.

Kiss a given person for a given amount of time (ex. kiss for 2 minutes w/ tongue)

Find something edible in the kitchen for the person to eat that isn't meant to be eaten straight (ketchup, salt, flour)

Have your victim run around outside screaming something totally insane.

Dare a guy to put on full woman's makeup or let the girls do it.

Go out on your porch and sing the "I'm a Little Teapot" song.

Get a guy to go out into a public area scratching their crotch and saying, "Damn these crabs really itch!"

Dare a male player to let all the girl players remove his shoes and socks so they can paint his toes with nail polish. He must remain barefoot until the game is over and hope he hasn't lost his shoes and socks while playing.

Have a person smear jelly in one armpit and peanut butter in the other armpit. Then they must take two slices of bread and wipe it off. Then they have to eat the sandwich!

Eat a piece of food (such as a grape or whip cream) off someone of the opposite gender's tongue.

Push a penny around the toilet seat with your tongue.

Have a guy make-out with a pillow or teddy bear for a certain amount of time, have him say the girls name he likes and make kissing noises.

Have a guy put on a bra stuffed with socks and walk around in it pretending he is a female, his idea of a female!

The person being dared must pick a guy and that guy must do that girls makeup with a blindfold on.

Have a guy kiss every girl, and then tell who has the worst and/or best breath.

Have the 'daree' drink a can or two of their preferred soda pop. Have the game continue, but remind the person to tell everybody when they have to pee.

Make that person hold in their piss until they're begging you to let them go to the bathroom.

1. Do the hokey pokey in the middle of the circle and sing the song that goes with it (1 verse). 
2. Sing "I’m a Little Teapot" with all the actions. 
3. Make sounds like a chicken for 30 seconds. 
4. Yell three times, "I’m cwaaazy. Cwazy ‘cause I’m Wooonwy!" like Elmer Fudd. 
5. Do your best famous person impression or famous character impression. 
6. Do the hand jive for everyone. 
7. Give us your best snort! 
8.: Pretend like you’re the sound person who is being dubbed for a noisy kissing scene. 
9. Do a hula dance. 
10. Do your best "Yeeehaaaw!" and pretend like you’re throwing your cowboy hat in the air. 
11. Pretend like you’re in a Toyota commercial. Sing, "I love what you do for me, TOYOTA!" and jump into the air. 
12. Tell us your best joke. 
13. Attempt to stand on your head. 
14. Sing a BeeGees song in front of people. 
15. Do 3 consecutive cartwheels.

Go to the kitchen and eat something that is not meant for eating (e.g. pepper, chili powder, etc.)
Moonwalk across the room.
Act out a particular commercial ad.
Kiss the first person that comes in through the door.
Do the hokey pokey in the middle of a circle of players and sing a suitable song.
Go outside and run around. While running, scream "My husband/wife has run away, please help".
Act like the sound person who is being dubbed for a noisy kissing scene.
Go out and stop the first person you see. Say him/her 'I love/hate you'.
Put an ice cube down your pants, until it melts.
Mix different types of sauces and eat what you get.
Ask for permission the next time you need to use the washroom.
Go outside and sing loudly 'I am a Little Teapot', complete with all the actions.
Imitate another player and let everyone try to guess who you are.
Exchange a clothing item with the player on your left.
Give a piggyback ride to the player on your right.
Ask the first person out that comes into the room.
Dare a guy to put on full woman's makeup or let the girls do it.
Scrub toilets at home.