1.Ask a girl if she were a guy which girl in the room she would date. (do the same to a guy)
2.Do you swallow or spit? [also great pickup line]
3.Your lover has been magically transformed into an animal, and the only way to restore your lover is to mate with them. Here's the question: Which animal would cause you the least psychological damage?
4.Would you think it was a turn-on if your bf/gf wanted to watch Disney movies with you?
5.Have you ever cheated on your bf/gf (if they have one), or would you ever cheat?
6.Have you ever gone a whole day without wearing underwear? (This question pertains to both bra and panties for women)
7.If you could be born again would choose to be a different sex to what you are?
8.If you had 24 hours to live, what would you do, what movie star would you want to kiss, and who would you notify that you are dying
9.Describe the sexiest clothes you ever wore and why.
10.When did you stop bathing with your sibling?
11.Who has the biggest ball you've ever seen? (funny since it can be told literally, but someone will take it sexually. I could be talking about a medicine ball!!!)
12.If I was a food what would I be and how would you eat me?!?!
13.Ask a girl/boy what they would do to a girl/boy, of the opposite sex, for a Klondike Bar.
14.How far have you gone?
15.How far would you go with someone that you just met?
16.What is the most embarrassing thing you've done?
17.Have you ever skinny dipped?
18.Would you marry your bf/gf?
19.Do you really love your bf/gf?
20.Have you ever made an *** of yourself in front of someone you were interested in?
21.What is the stupidest thing you've done because someone dared you to?
22.What is the stupidest thing you've done on your own free will?
23.Tell everyone who you like.
24.What is the strangest dream you've ever had. 25.Describe in detail.
26.Ask the victim what question would he most dread to be asked (This way they'll either have to answer it on their next turn or play just plain dare for the rest of their life)
27.What's your favorite thing about the opposite sex?
28.What's the worst thing about being your gender?
29.If you could have anyone here in the room to be your slave, who would it be and what would you make them do?
30.Rate everyone on a scale of 1-10 What's your idea of a perfect date?

Whom would you love to date amongst the crowd gathered in this room?
When was the first time you fell in love?
Which is your most embarrassing moment so far?
Can you tell us about your secret fantasy?
Which is the one person you really hate in this room?
Would you kiss the person next to you?
What’s your biggest turn on?
Have you ever cheated on your girlfriend/boyfriend?
Which is the most sensual pair of clothing you own and why?
What is the main thing that attracts you to a person of the opposite sex?
Have you ever gone skinny-dipping?
When was the first time you had your first kiss?
Have you got any secret talent?
Pick one person to exchange your girlfriend/boyfriend with!
What is your idea about romance?
What is the wildest thing you have ever done in your life so far?
Whom would you like to marry from amongst the group in this room and why?
Which singer do you identify with and why? Sing a famous song by this singer.
Do you love to sleep with your teddy bear?
Tell us about your deepest and darkest secret…
What’s your idea about romance and dating?
Describe the funny side about your first intimate experience!
What is the most annoying thing about your boyfriend/girlfriend?
Do you have a crush on someone in this room, right now?
What is the one thing you hate about your best friend?
What is the worst fear you have in life?
If you had the chance to be reborn as someone else, which person would you choose from this room and why?
Have you ever told lies to your boyfriend/girlfriend?
Have you been mean to anybody present in this room?
If you were to win a lottery and you had to give it away to someone from this group, whom would it be and why?
If you were locked up in a room with some other person from this room, whom would you choose and why?
What is the one thing you have ever done which you never ever want to be caught doing?
Which is your most irritating feature?
When was the first time you lied to your parents?
Who has presented you with the worst birthday gift so far?
Who is the most shabbily dressed person in this room?
Have you had a crush on your best friend?
Which is the most irritating habit of the person standing next to you?
Which was the lowest grade you received in school and for which subject?
Do you like to brush your teeth every night?
Which animal most resembles your personality?
What is the one quality or feature you would like to change about yourself?

What is your guilty pleasure Disney movie?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without taking a bath?
What would be a question you’d be afraid to tell the truth on? (This is a tricky question because someone would obviously ask that question on the next turn or that person would have to pick dare from then on.)
If anyone in the room could be your slave for a day, who would it be and what would he/she have to do?
What do you do to let someone that you are interested in know that you like him/her?
For the guys: have you ever worn lingerie.
For the girls: have you ever worn a jockstrap.
If you could be born into history as any famous person who would it be and why?
What is your best physical attribute?
Have you ever been arrested?
If you were the opposite sex for one day, what would you look like and what would you do?
Who in the room do you think would be a bad date?
Do you have a secret talent and what is it?
What is one unique thing are you afraid of?
If you had to spend eternity with one person in this room, who would it be?
If you had to listen to only three songs for the rest of your life, what would they be?
If you had to listen to one genre of music for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you and someone else were the only people alive on earth, who would you pick the other person to be?
What would you do to someone else for a Klondike bar?
Describe the best dream you ever had in full detail.
Make a list of all the people you have liked in the past and currently like now.
Are you a virgin?
What is on your mind right now?

What is your wildest sexual fantasy?
What is the wildest thing that you have done, ever?
Have you ever kissed someone of the same sex? Who?
Have you ever peed in a swimming pool?
Have you ever deliberately watched someone while they were changing or showering, secretly?
What is the worst rumor that you have participated in, and against whom?
Have you followed someone into a wash room with the intention of kissing him/her?
If asked to, would you perform a striptease for your special someone in presence of others?
What is the silliest thing that you have said to your partner, while being intimate?
What is the craziest pick up line that you have ever heard?
What is the craziest pick up line that you have used?
Have you ever lied to your partner to avoid an intimate moment?
Have you ever gone a whole day without wearing an underwear?
What is the most daring thing that you have done in public?
What is the wackiest thing that you have done and then got caught by your parents?

With whom was your first kiss, and did you like it?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
If you could be anyone, who would you be?
What is one secret you have never told anyone?
Have you ever been skinny dipping?
How many people have you kissed?
Out of all the people here, who do you like the most?
What is the most embarrassing thing you ever did?
What would be your ideal romantic evening?
Have you ever lied to your boyfriend/girlfriend?
What was one lie you told someone?
What food would you eat everyday if you could?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Do you pick your nose?
Has anyone ever seen you picking your nose?
What was the nastiest joke you ever played on someone?
Have you ever flashed someone?
Have you peed in a pool?
Have you ever gone commando?
What are your worst habits?
Has anyone ever seen you completely naked. If yes, who?
If you could have anything in the world, what would it be?

Amongst all the people in this room, which guy/girl would you like to date?

Who was your first crush?

Would you ever cheat with your boyfriend/girlfriends?

If you were born again, what would you like to be?

If you had only 24 hours left to live, what would you do?

When did you have your first kiss?

What is the most embarrassing thing you've done till now?

What is the strangest dream you've ever had?

If you were marooned on an island with just one person, who would you want it to be?

What is the question that you do not want anyone to ask you in this game?

What is the meanest thing that you have done till date?

If you got a chance to make anyone in this room your slave, who would that be?

Have you ever lied to your girlfriend/boyfriend? If yes, about what?

If you won a lottery of 100 million dollars, what would you do with the money?

If you woke up one day and found that you have become invisible, what is the first thing that you would do?

Ask a girl if she were a guy which girl in the room she would date.(do the same to a guy)

Do you swallow or spit?

Would you think it was a turn-on if your bf/gf wanted to watch Disney movies with you?

Have you ever cheated on your bf/gf (if they have one), or would you ever cheat?

Have you ever gone a whole day without wearing underwear? (This question pertains to both bra and panties for women)

If you could be born again would choose to be a different sex to what you are?

Describe the sexiest clothes you ever wore and why.

When did you stop bathing with your sibling?

Who has the biggest ball you've ever seen?

If I was a food what would I be and how would you eat me?

Ask a girl/boy what they would do to a girl/boy, of the opposite sex, for a Klondike Bar.

How far have you gone?

How far would you go with someone that you just met?

What is the most embarrassing thing you've done?

Have you ever skinny dipped?

Would you marry your bf/gf?

Do you really love your bf/gf?

Have you ever made an ass of yourself in front of someone you were interested in?

What is the stupidest thing you've done because someone dared you to?

What is the stupidest thing you've done on your own free will?

Tell everyone who you like.

What is the strangest dream you've ever had. 25.Describe in detail.

Ask the victim what question would he most dread to be asked.

What's your favorite thing about the opposite sex?

What's the worst thing about being your gender?

If you could have anyone here in the room to be your slave, who would it be and what would you make them do?

Rate everyone on a scale of 1-10 What's your idea of a perfect date?

Your lover has been magically transformed into an animal, and the only way to restore your lover is to mate with them. Here's the question: Which animal would cause you the least psychological damage?

If you had 24 hours to live, what would you do, what movie star would you want to kiss, and who would you notify that you are dying.

What was the most embarrassing thing that happened to you at a grocery store?

What was the funniest thing that happened to you at a mall?

Describe three things you like about yourself.

What is the best thing about your life right now?

What is your favorite kind of music?

If you had to choose between being in a choir and being in a play, what would you choose?

What is one talent most people here don't know that you have?

Do you play any musical instruments? Which ones?

What did you want to be when you grew up?

How do you think you will know who you're going to marry?

What's the best proposal you ever heard about?

What did you look like in 5th grade? Describe you to us.

If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?

If you could vacation anywhere in the world, where would you go?

What was the worst thing you ever cooked or baked?

What was the funniest cooking experience you ever had?

If someone made a movie about your life, what would they call it? Who would you want to play you?

If someone made a movie about your life, who would you want to play you?

Who is most beautiful person you know (inside and out).

If you could date anyone in the world, who would it be?

Which famous couple throughout history would you like to be a part of?

What is your most wild dream?

What is your most romantic memory?

If you could kiss anyone in the world, who would it be?

What is the most annoying habit that a boyfried/girlfriend/spouse has ever had?

What is your biggest pet peeve, having to do with a boyfried/girlfriend/spouse?

What is the quality that is most important to you in a boyfried/girlfriend/spouse?

How many times during the day do you think romantic thoughts?

Which relationship appeals to you more, a wild passionate one, or a quiet calm one.

ho was your first crush?
If you were marooned on an island with just a single person, who would you like it to be?
Would you ever cheat with your girlfriend/boyfriend?
Amongst all the individuals in this room, which girl/guy would you like to date?
If you woke up one day and notice that you are invisible, then what will be the first thing that you would like to do?
What is the meanest thing that you have till date?
Have you ever lied to your boyfriend/girlfriend? If yes, about what?
If you born again, what would you like to be in your next life?
When did you have your first kiss?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
If you have only 24 hours left to live, what would you do?
If you get a chance to make anyone in this room your slave, who would you like that to be?
If you win a lottery of 100 million dollars, what would you do with the money?
Have u ever pooped in your pants, except when u were young?
Have you ever gossiped about any of the friends present there?
What is the most embarrassing thing you've done?
Have you ever skinny dipped?
Would you marry your boyfriend/girlfriend?
Do you really love your boyfriend/girlfriend?
What is the stupidest thing you've done because someone dared you to?
What is the stupidest thing you've done on your own free will?
What's your favorite thing about the opposite sex?
What's the worst thing about being your gender?

